---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "bland_conversational_pathway Resource - bland"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a Conversational Pathway https://docs.bland.ai/tutorials/pathways.
---

# bland_conversational_pathway (Resource)

Manages a [Conversational Pathway](https://docs.bland.ai/tutorials/pathways).

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "bland_conversational_pathway" "example" {
  name        = "Basic Pathway"
  description = "Basic pathway example"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `description` (String) Description of the pathway
- `name` (String) Name of the pathway

### Optional

- `edges` (Attributes List) Data about all the edges in the pathway. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--edges))
- `global_config` (Attributes) Global configuration for the pathway. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--global_config))
- `nodes` (Attributes List) Data about all the nodes in the pathway. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--nodes))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Unique pathway id

<a id="nestedatt--edges"></a>
### Nested Schema for `edges`

Required:

- `id` (String) Unique identifier for the edge.
- `source` (String) Source node ID for the edge.
- `target` (String) Target node ID for the edge.
- `type` (String) Type of the edge.

Optional:

- `data` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--edges--data))

<a id="nestedatt--edges--data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `edges.data`

Required:

- `label` (String) Label for the edge.

Optional:

- `description` (String) Description of the edge.
- `is_highlighted` (Boolean) Whether the edge is highlighted.



<a id="nestedatt--global_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `global_config`

Optional:

- `global_prompt` (String) Global prompt for the pathway.


<a id="nestedatt--nodes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `nodes`

Required:

- `data` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--nodes--data))
- `id` (String) Unique identifier for the node.
- `type` (String) Type of the node.

<a id="nestedatt--nodes--data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `nodes.data`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the node.

Optional:

- `condition` (String) Condition for the node.
- `extract_vars` (Attributes List) Variables to extract from the node. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--nodes--data--extract_vars))
- `global_label` (String) Label for a global node.
- `global_prompt` (String) Prompt for a global node.
- `is_global` (Boolean) Defines if this is a global node.
- `is_start` (Boolean) Defines if this is the start node of the pathway.
- `kb` (String) Knowledge base for the node.
- `kb_tool` (String) Knowledge base tool for the node.
- `method` (String) Method for the node.
- `model_options` (Attributes) Model options for the node. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--nodes--data--model_options))
- `pathway_examples` (Attributes List) Example conversations and chosen pathways for this node. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--nodes--data--pathway_examples))
- `prompt` (String) Prompt for a knowledge base node.
- `response_data` (Attributes List) Response data for the node. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--nodes--data--response_data))
- `response_pathways` (Attributes List) Response pathways for the node. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--nodes--data--response_pathways))
- `text` (String) Text for the node.
- `transfer_number` (String) Transfer number for the node.
- `url` (String) URL for the node.

<a id="nestedatt--nodes--data--extract_vars"></a>
### Nested Schema for `nodes.data.extract_vars`

Required:

- `description` (String) Description of the variable.
- `name` (String) Name of the variable.
- `type` (String) Type of the variable.


<a id="nestedatt--nodes--data--model_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `nodes.data.model_options`

Required:

- `model_type` (String) Type of the model.

Optional:

- `block_interruptions` (Boolean) Whether to block interruptions.
- `interruption_threshold` (String) Interruption threshold for the model.
- `skip_user_response` (Boolean) Whether to skip user response.
- `temperature` (Number) Temperature setting for the model.


<a id="nestedatt--nodes--data--pathway_examples"></a>
### Nested Schema for `nodes.data.pathway_examples`

Required:

- `chosen_pathway` (String) The chosen pathway for the example.
- `conversation_history` (Attributes) The conversation history for the example. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--nodes--data--pathway_examples--conversation_history))

<a id="nestedatt--nodes--data--pathway_examples--conversation_history"></a>
### Nested Schema for `nodes.data.pathway_examples.conversation_history`

Optional:

- `advanced_history` (Attributes List) Conversation history as a list of messages. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--nodes--data--pathway_examples--conversation_history--advanced_history))
- `basic_history` (String) Conversation history as a string.

<a id="nestedatt--nodes--data--pathway_examples--conversation_history--advanced_history"></a>
### Nested Schema for `nodes.data.pathway_examples.conversation_history.advanced_history`

Required:

- `content` (String) Content of the message.
- `role` (String) Role of the message (user or assistant).




<a id="nestedatt--nodes--data--response_data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `nodes.data.response_data`

Required:

- `context` (String) Context for the response data.
- `data` (String) Data value.
- `name` (String) Name of the response data.


<a id="nestedatt--nodes--data--response_pathways"></a>
### Nested Schema for `nodes.data.response_pathways`

Required:

- `condition` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--nodes--data--response_pathways--condition))
- `outcome` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--nodes--data--response_pathways--outcome))

<a id="nestedatt--nodes--data--response_pathways--condition"></a>
### Nested Schema for `nodes.data.response_pathways.condition`

Required:

- `condition` (String) Condition operator.
- `value` (String) Condition value.
- `variable` (String) Condition variable.


<a id="nestedatt--nodes--data--response_pathways--outcome"></a>
### Nested Schema for `nodes.data.response_pathways.outcome`

Required:

- `id` (String) Outcome node id.
- `node_name` (String) Outcome node name.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import bland_conversational_pathway.test "id-123"
```
